SUBID     	BioProject	BioSample	Organism
--------------------------------------------------------
SUB2040414	PRJNA344737	SAMN05832575	Verticillium dahliae

[] We ran your sequences through our Contamination Screen. The screen found 
contigs that need to be trimmed and/or excluded. Please adjust the 
sequences appropriately and then resubmit your sequences. After you remove the 
contamination, trim any Ns at the ends of the sequence and remove any sequences
that are shorter than 200 nt and not part of a multi-component scaffold.

Note that hits in eukaryotic genomes to mitochondrial sequences can be ignored 
when specific criteria are met. Those criteria are explained below.

Note that mismatches between the name of the adaptor/primer identified in the screen 
and the sequencing technology used to generate the sequencing data should not be used 
to discount the validity of the screen results as the adaptors/primers of many 
different sequencing platforms share sequence similarity.


[] Some sequences are similar to a mitochondrial sequence. There are three options:
 (A) If you are not sequencing mitochondrial DNA, remove these sequences
 (B) If you want to include the mitochondrial sequences in the genome submission, 
 label them as mitochondrial. To do this, add a source qualifier in the fasta 
 definition line [location=mitochondrion] and indicate that they are mitochondrial 
 in the Assignment tab of the submission portal. In addition, it is recommended 
 either to move these sequences to the end of your submission or put them in a separate 
 file so that they are clustered together.
 (C) If these are nuclear mitochondrial pseudogene regions (numt's) that should remain 
 in the submission, please notify us by including a comment in the submission portal.

NOTE: For options B and C, you do not need to remove the mitochondrial contamination 
hits indicated in the FCS report. Once you have either correctly labeled the 
sequences as mitochondrial or notified us by email that you have numts, you can 
ignore these foreign contamination screen errors.

Screened 104 sequences, 35,100,962 bp.
1 sequence to exclude

Exclude:
Sequence name, length, apparent source
contig_77	43554	mitochondrion


